[POT] Documentation update (#10068)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: tools/pot/README.md

require a training dataset or a pipeline. To apply post-training algorithms from the POT, you need:
* A floating-point precision model, FP32 or FP16, converted into the OpenVINO&trade; Intermediate Representation (IR) format
and run on CPU with the OpenVINO&trade;.
* A representative calibration dataset representing a use case scenario, e.g. 300 images. 

Figure below shows the optimization workflow:
![](docs/images/workflow_simple.png) 

Post-training Optimization Tool provides the following key
features:

* Two post-training 8-bit quantization algorithms: fast [DefaultQuantization](openvino/tools/pot/algorithms/quantization/default/README.md) and precise [AccuracyAwareQuantization](openvino/tools/pot/algorithms/quantization/accuracy_aware/README.md).
* Compression for different hardware targets such as CPU and GPU.
* Multiple domains: Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, Recommendation Systems, Speech Recognition.
* [Command-line tool](docs/CLI.md) that provides a simple interface for basic use cases.
* [API](openvino/tools/pot/api/README.md) that helps to apply optimization methods within a custom inference script written with OpenVINO Python* API.

> * (Experimental) [Ranger algorithm](@ref pot_ranger_README) for model prodection in safity critical cases.

Author: This document is located along with the code of the method: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/tools/pot/openvino/tools/pot/algorithms/quantization/ranger/README.md
Any suggestions where we can note about this method on this page?

> * (Experimental) [Ranger algorithm](@ref pot_ranger_README) for model prodection in safity critical cases.

Reviewer: It's "experimental" so it's strange to include it to "key features". Maybe the simplest way is to remove "key".
To be honest, I haven't heard about this feature. Is it used by any customer?

The tool is aimed to fully automate the model transformation process without a need to change the model on the user's side. For details about 
the low-precision flow in OpenVINO&trade;, see the [Low Precision Optimization Guide](docs/LowPrecisionOptimizationGuide.md).

For benchmarking results collected for the models optimized with POT tool, see [INT8 vs FP32 Comparison on Select Networks and Platforms](@ref openvino_docs_performance_int8_vs_fp32).

> POT is opensourced on GitHub as a part of OpenVINO and available at https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tools/pot.

Reviewer: I think we should move it below, after options with "get started". Otherwise we risk that the user will go to the Low Precision Guide and lost there. Moreover I think that after the options and get started we should explain why and when the user should go to other POT documents because now we have a broken structure and the user doesn't really know where to go from here.

Author: Removed this since it is presented in ## See also.

> Further documentation presumes that you are familiar with the basic Deep Learning concepts, such as model inference,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Further documentation presumes that you are familiar with basic Deep Learning concepts, such as model inference,
```

> dataset preparation, model optimization, as well as with the OpenVINO&trade; toolkit and its components such 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
dataset preparation, model optimization, as well as with the OpenVINO&trade; toolkit and its components, such 
```

as  [Model Optimizer](@ref openvino_docs_MO_DG_Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide) 
and [Accuracy Checker Tool](@ref omz_tools_accuracy_checker).

> ## Usage options

Author: Make sense.

![](docs/images/use_cases.png) 

The POT provides three basic usage options:
* **Command-line interface (CLI)**:

>   * [**Simplified mode**](@ref pot_docs_simplified_mode): this option can be used if the model from Computer Vision domain and there is an unannotated dataset that can be used for optimization. Please note that there can be deviation of accuracy after optimization using this method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * [**Simplified mode**](@ref pot_docs_simplified_mode): use this option if the model belongs to the Computer Vision domain and you do not have an unannotated dataset for optimization. Note that this optimization method can cause a deviation of model accuracy.
```

>   * [**Simplified mode**](@ref pot_docs_simplified_mode): this option can be used if the model from Computer Vision domain and there is an unannotated dataset that can be used for optimization. Please note that there can be deviation of accuracy after optimization using this method.

Reviewer: Maybe we could describe it as expandable description for each option. @tsavina , do you know if there is such option when the reader clicks on the option and expand the detailed description?

>   * [**Simplified mode**](@ref pot_docs_simplified_mode): this option can be used if the model from Computer Vision domain and there is an unannotated dataset that can be used for optimization. Please note that there can be deviation of accuracy after optimization using this method.

Author: I think this information should be stated in the corresponding description file for this mode. Moreover, once we support the load from binary data, which I really want to have, this information will be invalid. I am aginst of overloading the main README.

>   * [**Simplified mode**](@ref pot_docs_simplified_mode): this option can be used if the model from Computer Vision domain and there is an unannotated dataset that can be used for optimization. Please note that there can be deviation of accuracy after optimization using this method.

Reviewer: Ok, let's have it in dedicated pages but I would still clearly state what is needed for each option to avoid the situation when the reader will need to read 3 other documents to understand which flow can be used in their particular case.

>   * [**Simplified mode**](@ref pot_docs_simplified_mode): this option can be used if the model from Computer Vision domain and there is an unannotated dataset that can be used for optimization. Please note that there can be deviation of accuracy after optimization using this method.

Author: I believe that the prerequisites are shown in the picture above and the user should select the best option based on the availability of model, data, code and AC config. If it is not clear I would suggest revising this in a different PR and involving the documentation team. BTW, @tsavina will change the images in the next PRs.

>   * [**Model Zoo flow**](@ref pot_compression_cli_README): this option is recommended if the model from OpenVINO&trade; 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * [**Model Zoo flow**](@ref pot_compression_cli_README): this option is recommended if the model is imported from OpenVINO&trade; 
```

>   * [**Model Zoo flow**](@ref pot_compression_cli_README): this option is recommended if the model from OpenVINO&trade; 

Author: quantizer.py has a limited support of quantizable models but the link to this script makes sense. AC is a part of OMZ, I don't see any confusion since all the available AC configs are located in OMZ.

>   * [**Model Zoo flow**](@ref pot_compression_cli_README): this option is recommended if the model from OpenVINO&trade; 

Reviewer: Why do you want to refer to Model Zoo instead of simply saying about AC support? Any OMZ model has AC support so it already includes "if the model is imported from OpenVINO™ [Model Zoo](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo) or".
Anyway we always say "through AC" or "with AC support" so I believe "Model Zoo" name is confusing here. It's even misleading because the user might think that it's only for OMZ models.

>   * [**Model Zoo flow**](@ref pot_compression_cli_README): this option is recommended if the model from OpenVINO&trade; 

Author: >>Why do you want to refer to Model Zoo instead of simply saying about AC support?
Because this document and this part for newcomers who don't know what is AccuracyChecker. Model Zoo at least says something.

>   * [**Model Zoo flow**](@ref pot_compression_cli_README): this option is recommended if the model from OpenVINO&trade; 

Author: Here we just would like to highlight what we have for newcomers. Details and particular examples can be found in the corresponding docs:
- Dedicated document/feature spec - all the options and litations
- Example - ready-to-use code snippets

>   * [**Model Zoo flow**](@ref pot_compression_cli_README): this option is recommended if the model from OpenVINO&trade; 

Reviewer: I think you don't see my point: I believe we should guide the user, but you want the user to figure out what to do next by reading all documentation. Let's be honest, users are lazy and they will not read a lot of documentation, they will either stop or try something what is obvious. I don't propose describing all details on the main page but it would be useful if we say: in this case go this way, in that case - that way.

>   * [**Model Zoo flow**](@ref pot_compression_cli_README): this option is recommended if the model from OpenVINO&trade; 

Author: Let's see what @tsavina can propose here.

[Model Zoo](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo) or there is a valid [Accuracy Checker Tool](@ref omz_tools_accuracy_checker_README)
configuration file for the model that allows validating model accuracy using [Accuracy Checker Tool](@ref omz_tools_accuracy_checker_README).

> * [**Python\* API**](@ref pot_compression_api_README): it allows integrating optimization methods implemented in POT into

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [**Python\* API**](@ref pot_compression_api_README): this option allows integrating the optimization methods implemented in POT into
```

a Python* inference script that uses [OpenVINO Python* API](@ref openvino_inference_engine_ie_bridges_python_docs_api_overview). 

POT is also integrated into [Deep Learning Workbench](@ref workbench_docs_Workbench_DG_Introduction) (DL Workbench), a web-based graphical environment 
that enables you to optimize, tune, analyze, visualize, and compare performance of deep learning models. 

## Getting started

To install POT, follow the [Installation Guide](docs/InstallationGuide.md).

> OpenVINO provides several examples that demonstrates usage of POT optimization workflow:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenVINO provides several examples to demonstrate the POT optimization workflow:
```

* Command-line example:
  * [Quantization of Image Classification model](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/pot_configs_examples_README.html) 
* API tutorials:
  * [Quantization of Image Classification model](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/tree/main/notebooks/301-tensorflow-training-openvino)
  * [Quantization of Object Detection model from Model Zoo](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/tree/main/notebooks/111-detection-quantization)

>   * [Quantization of Segmentation model for mediacal data](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/tree/main/notebooks/110-ct-segmentation-quantize)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * [Quantization of Segmentation model for medical data](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/tree/main/notebooks/110-ct-segmentation-quantize)
```

  * [Quantization of BERT for Text Classification](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/tree/main/notebooks/105-language-quantize-bert)
* API examples:
  * [Quantization of 3D segmentation model](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/tools/pot/openvino/tools/pot/api/samples/3d_segmentation)
  * [Quantization of Face Detection model](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/tools/pot/openvino/tools/pot/api/samples/face_detection)

>   * [Quantization of Object Detection model with control of accuracy](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/tools/pot/openvino/tools/pot/api/samples/object_detection)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * [Quantization of Object Detection model with controllable accuracy](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/tools/pot/openvino/tools/pot/api/samples/object_detection)
```

require a training dataset or a pipeline. To apply post-training algorithms from the POT, you need:
* A floating-point precision model, FP32 or FP16, converted into the OpenVINO&trade; Intermediate Representation (IR) format
and run on CPU with the OpenVINO&trade;.
* A representative calibration dataset representing a use case scenario, e.g. 300 images. 

Figure below shows the optimization workflow:
![](docs/images/workflow_simple.png) 

Post-training Optimization Tool provides the following key
features:

* Two post-training 8-bit quantization algorithms: fast [DefaultQuantization](openvino/tools/pot/algorithms/quantization/default/README.md) and precise [AccuracyAwareQuantization](openvino/tools/pot/algorithms/quantization/accuracy_aware/README.md).
* Compression for different hardware targets such as CPU and GPU.
* Multiple domains: Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, Recommendation Systems, Speech Recognition.
* [Command-line tool](docs/CLI.md) that provides a simple .
* [API](openvino/tools/pot/api/README.md) that helps to apply optimization methods within a custom inference script written with OpenVINO Python* API.

> * (Experimental) Ranger algorithm for model prodection in safity critical cases.

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't we link here to the Ranger document?
